Standup Meeting 2
===

Notes
---

- Should we change the logo?
- The logo should live all year.  The year could be different.
- Readmes should have setup steps in the repo if its to do with development.
- Where should we put things?  Lets see where things end up and we'll organize if need be.
- Will - added meeting notes and videos.  Added issue to create a bot.  Added a Code of Conduct form that submits into a private slack channel.
- John - produced models.   Then onto auth models.
- Brad - created a theme.  Is game master until we have one!
- There is now a v1.0.0 is the launch version.  This is when play.battlesnake.io is live.  August 1st!
- Daniel to be added to code owners for play.
- Try tagging or actively asking the community for a specific issue.
- Brad is using labels.   We need a process of some sort.
- Snake is Specd: https://github.com/battlesnakeio/docs/tree/master/apis/snake
- Matthieu we have a base for the infrastructure.  
- Daniel cranking on the engine.  Colin found a few race conditions.
- Fixed some bugs.  Had a look at CLI replacements.
- Helping some of the community members with Go questions with reviews.  
- Colin: few engine PRs.  Now wants to work on board.
- Follow up with Jem about the board work.  Maybe connect with Jem to start the work.
- do we need this meeting on top of the community.  Keep meeting for now.
- Are we making any progress on the website.  
- Open call for sponsorship - not just supporting the event your supporting the project.
- Currently squarespace - was owned by ashley, then steven beautified it.  
- What should we do to make sure we're on track?
- Lets focus on creating issues and keep momentum.
- Do we have acceptance criteria.  Some tickets do some don't.
- Demo from Daniel.
- Not ticks - frames.  Generate frames with a tick.
